# ResourcePackerMC
Utility to zip a Minecraft resource pack folder into a zip file. Optionally generates zip file, sounds.json, sounds.txt and NucleusFramework sound definitions.

The jar file can be generated using the gradle script included in the repository.

## Generating a zipped resource pack
The resource packer assumes that you have created your resource pack in the required folder structure. The easiest way to use the jar is to place it into your resource folders root. From there you can open a console (or create a script) and use the following to simply zip the folder structure: `java -jar ResourcePackerMC.jar -zip MyResourcePack.zip`

Note that the `-zip` argument is optional. If not included, a zip file will not be generated. This is usefull if you only want to use one or more of the other options.

### Files included in zip file
Only files with the following extensions are added to the resource pack zip file:
  * .txt
  * .ogg
  * .png
  * .mcmeta
  * .lang
  * .json
  
In addition, files that start with a period are not included.

## Generating a sounds.json file
The sounds.json file can be auto generated by including the `--sounds` switch in the command arguments. Note that an existing sounds.json file will be parsed and existing entries will not be modified. New entries should be checked for correctness since the generator has to guess what some some values should be (i.e category, stream, etc).

If the `-zip` argument is used, the new sounds.json file is included in the generated zip file.

## Generating SOUNDS.TXT file
The SOUNDS.TXT file is used to list all the sounds in the resource pack and include pertinent information. The information is generating using the meta comments from the file and may be incomplete. This is a useful file for including copyrights and licensing information. Another file, SOUNDS_EXTRA.TXT, is generated and only includes extra sounds that do not replace default Minecraft audio. The text files can be generated by including the `--soundtxt` switch in the command arguments.

If the `-zip` argument is used, the new files are included in the generated zip file.

## Generating resource-sounds.yml file
The resource-sounds.yml defines the sounds available in the resource pack to NucleusFramework's sound lib. Only extra (non-minecraft) sounds are included in this file. It can be generated by using the `--nucleus` switch in the command arguments.

Note that nodes in the file such as "title" and "credit" are pulled from the audio files meta comments and may need to be manually included if not present.

The resource-sounds.yml file is not included in the zip if generated. This file is meant to be placed on the servers 'plugins/NucleusFramework' folder.

